Strict evaluation mode (#3312)
cerbos/cerbos: .changelog/20260804_0406.txt

type:enhancement
Strict evaluation mode

> Enabling `engine.strictEvaluation` makes policy evaluation errors stop being ignored. When a condition or variable expression raises a runtime error, the affected action is denied. An error in a variable denies only the actions whose conditions reference it. An error in an imported derived role denies every action evaluated against the scope importing it. The mode applies to both the check and the query planner APIs. The `cerbos compile` CLI command can run tests in this mode by passing `--strict-evaluation` flag. See xref:configuration:engine.adoc#strict_evaluation[`engine.strictEvaluation`] for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Strict evaluation mode treats runtime errors in policy conditions such as accessing unknown fields or mixing types as terminal failures. 
When a condition or variable expression raises a runtime error, the affected action is denied. An error in a variable denies only the actions whose conditions reference it. An error in an imported derived role denies every action evaluated against the scope importing it. The mode applies to both the check and the query planner APIs. The `cerbos compile` CLI command can run tests in this mode by passing `--strict-evaluation` flag. See xref:configuration:engine.adoc#strict_evaluation[`engine.strictEvaluation`] for details.
```
